NARRATOR:
Have you ever wondered
how nature gets its glow?
Who gives it light and color
as the seasons come and go?
Who helps all creatures,
great and small,
to walk, to swim, to fly?
Who crafts such tiny details?
You might see them if you try.
For it's all
the work of fairies,
but they stay
well out of sight.
(COOING)
(LAUGHING)
And the first time
that a baby laughs,
a fairy's life takes flight.
♪ When the moon comes out
♪ To shine her face
♪ The birds are fast asleep
♪ And the lanterns hang
from every post
♪ The fairies leave their keep
♪ They join their hands
and sing their songs
♪ That nary a soul can hear
♪ In the springtime
when the earth is new
(RINGS)
♪ To the fairies
they draw near
they draw near ♪
(BABY LAUGHING)
(LAUGHING CONTINUES)
FAIRY 1: Hello.
FAIRY 2: Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hello?
Queen Clarion.
Born of laughter,
clothed in cheer,
happiness has
brought you here.
Welcome to Pixie Hollow.
I trust you found
your way all right.
I think so.
(QUEEN CLARION LAUGHS)
Now, let's see
about those wings.
(ALL GASPING)
(FAIRIES GIGGLING)
(LAUGHS)
(SIGHS)
(GASPS)
What are these things?
They will help you
find your talent, little one.
But how will I know
which one is...
You'll know.
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
Hmm.
(GASPS)
(ALL CHEERING)
SILVERMIST: Whoa!
Never seen one glow
that much before,
even for Vidia.
ROSETTA: You know,
I do believe you're right.
Little daisy top
might be a very
rare talent indeed.
(SCOFFS)
(CHUCKLES)
Come forward,
tinker fairies,
and welcome
the newest member
of your talent guild,
Tinker Bell.
BOBBLE:
Glad we had a bath
today, eh, Clank?
CLANK: Excuse us!
BOBBLE: Coming through!
Sorry!
Make way for tinkers!
Hady-hi,
hady-ho, Miss Bell.
I'm Clank.
Splinters, Clank.
Say it, don't spray it.
Phineas T. Kettletree,
Esquire, at your service.
Pleased to make
your acquaintance.
Oh, foo!
He's Bobble,
I'm Clank.
(SIGHS)
Clank, Bobble.
We're pleased
as a pile of perfectly
polished pots you're here.
Uh...
Me, too.
(CHUCKLES)
Come on, Miss Bell.
There's so much
to show you.
You've arrived
at a most wondrous
and glorious time.
Really? Why?
BOBBLE:
Why, it's almost time for
the changing of the seasons.
You see, here in Pixie Hollow,
there are different realms
for every time of year.
Well,
there's one up ahead.
(TINKER BELL SHIVERS)
(CLANK SHIVERS)
Winter Woods.
It's always cold here.
Look there!
Snowflake and frost fairies
returning home for...
For some
well-deserved rest.
BOBBLE:
Aye. They've just finished
bringing winter to the world.
It's the off-season
for the autumn fairies, too.
CLANK: Always practicing
that perfect shade
of amber, eh?
And the fairies
of Summer Glade
still have plenty
of time to get ready.
But not as much as
the autumn fairies,
of course,
because, well...
Yes, Clanky.
Because right now,
fairies of every talent
are preparing for
my favorite season,
springtime!
Oh!
ROSETTA:
Get along. Get along,
little sproutlings, and dig.
(ALL TWITTERING)
Hello, there!
Come on, Miss Bell.
You've got to see
where we live.
(CHUCKLES)
Welcome to Tinker's Nook.
Oh, wow!
Oh.
Come on.
There's so much
to show you.
(TINKER FAIRIES CHATTERING)
(SQUEAKS)
Cute.
Just taking some
supplies down...
They're taking supplies
down to the workshop.
TINKER FAIRY: Let her go.
BOBBLE:
Watch out for falling...
Watch out for
falling maple seeds!
Wow!
And over here is
where most of us live.
There's your house...
There's your house,
Tinker Bell.
(TINKER BELL GASPS)
It's mine?
CLANK: Sure is.
We were hoping
the new arrival
would be one of us,
so we got
the place all ready.
We rounded up
some work clothes...
We didn't know your size.
Yes, our apologies, but...
But they might be too big.
Yeah, well, that's only...
'Cause you're so tiny.
That'll do, Clank.
Please come on
down to the workshop
when you're ready.
Fairy Mary will
want to meet you.
Goodbye.
Oh.
(CHUCKLES)
(GASPS)
(TINKER FAIRIES CHATTERING)
Stop! What?
A five-gauge twig
for an axle?
Clank, I told you
it took a seven.
Oh, you said five.
I said seven!
Oh, Clank, I tell you,
sometimes you can be pretty,
pretty...
So pretty.
Who's that, then?
It's Tinker Bell,
you snail brain.
(GASPS)
Wow, everyone seems so busy.
CLANK: Well, spring
won't spring itself.
Indeed, my bellowing buddy.
And we tinkers are
a big part of it.
Allow us to elucidate,
Miss Bell.
We fiddle and fix.
We craft and create.
We carve acorn buckets.
To hold flower paint.
Weave saddles and satchels.
For birdies, you see.
Make baskets and bushels.
To carry the seeds!
BOBBLE:
When preparing
for spring.
We do all this
and more!
Yes, being a tinker
is never a bore!
That was great.
So you see, Miss Bell,
we help fairies of every
talent with our creations.
Unfortunately,
all those fairies
are out of luck this year.
Unless we can actually
deliver these things to them.
The wagon repairs
are finished, I trust?
(BOTH STAMMERING)
Yes, Fairy Mary.
Tip-top shape.
No wheels
missing whatsoever!
Then let's see it.
Ah, you see... Well...
See,
with your eyes?
Define "see," actually...
You have to meet
Tinker Bell!
What? Who?
She's new, Fairy Mary.
Nice to meet you.
Rapture!
A new charge on
whom we can lavish
all our tinkering
wisdom and expertise!
Let me see those hands.
Teetering teapots,
so dainty.
Don't worry, dear.
We'll build up those
tinker muscles in no time.
(CHUCKLES) Okay.
Now, boys,
the deliveries?
Aye, we're on it.
As a matter of fact,
we're heading out
right this second.
But we've only got
one wheel.
What was that?
(STAMMERING)
Nothing really,
Clank was just asking...
If I can go as well!
Yeah! Good one.
Very nice.
Yes! I wondered that,
if you could go with us. Yes.
That's exactly
what he was saying.
Very well.
Get on with it, then.
(PANTING)
Slow down, Cheese,
I can't keep up!
(SQUEAKS)
TINKER BELL:
The mouse's name is Cheese?
BOBBLE: Must be.
He always comes
when we yell it.
(CROW CAWING)
(SQUEAKS)
(SCREAMS)
(YELLS)
CLANK:
Sprinting thistles!
Bobble! Bobble!
(SCREAMS)
(BOBBLE EXCLAIMING)
(ALL SHRIEKING)
(THUDDING)
Easy. Easy, boy.
It's all right.
Fawn's got you.
Easy. Easy, girl.
It's all right.
Silvermist's got you.
Oh, you all right,
sugar cane?
Be careful, Rosetta,
she may faint!
(TINKER BELL GRUNTS)
Elevate her legs. No, wait.
I mean her head.
Wait, wait, wait. Okay.
If she's red, raise the head.
If she's pale,
raise the tail.
Does she look pale or red?
She looks squished.
Sorry.
Here, let me, raindrop.
So, what happened
to you, anyway?
Well, I...
It was sprinting thistles!
(ALL GASPING)
Those weeds are
an absolute menace.
Always trampling things,
poking people in the petunia.
BOBBLE:
Gather round, ladies.
We've brought
some selections
from the new spring line
of tinker specialties!
All right!
Show us, show us!
What'd you bring?
Your rainbow tubes, Iridessa.
(GASPS)
Finally! Silvermist,
could you help me?
(CLICKS TONGUE)
Oh.
What're you
gonna do with that?
I'm gonna take it
to the mainland.
What's the mainland?
It's where we're gonna go
change winter to spring.
The seasons change
all the time there.
I'll get to apply my
artistic sensibilities.
Yeah.
And I'll have breakfast ready
for all the wittle fuzzies
coming out of hibernation.
We just follow
the second star...
Ride the breeze,
follow the waves...
All the way
across the sea...
And then, there it is.
Wow! The mainland
sounds flitterific!
(ALL GIGGLING)
(CHUCKLES)
Yes. The glamorous lives of
the nature-talent fairies, eh?
We'd love to stay
and chat, but...
But we tinkers
have real work
to do. Right?
FAWN: Don't get
your wings in a bunch.
ROSETTA:
Don't be like that.
Nice to meet you all!
FAWN: You, too!
Fly with you later!
ROSETTA: Fly with you later!
BOBBLE: Right!
Here we are.
A pretty large order
of pollen pots for the...
(ALL GASPING)
Last thing is berry bushels
to deliver to the glen...
Is it okay
if I just catch up
with you later?
Oh, I suppose.
Can you find
your way back?
Yeah, yeah.
Sure I can.
Well, I...
All right, then.
Just be careful!
Hi, there!
(VIDIA GASPS)
Sorry.
Vidia, right?
(SNEEZES)
We didn't officially meet.
I'm Tinker Bell.
Oh, yes.
The new girl.
That's right!
So, what's your talent?
What do you think it is?
You're a pollen-izer?
Pollen-ator?
Pollen-picker?
Pollen-plucker?
I am a fast-flying fairy,
a true rare talent.
And this is
but a small part
of what I do.
I make breezes in the summer,
blow down leaves in the fall.
My winds even
brought you here,
dear.
Fairies of every
talent depend on me.
Hey, that's just
like what I do.
(SNORTS)
Excuse me?
I mean,
tinkers help fairies
of every talent, too.
So we're kind of
the same, you know?
Sweetie,
I make forces of nature.
You make pots and kettles.
I work up in the sky,
and you work
down in a ditch.
Hey!
Don't get me wrong,
sunshine.
Being a tinker
is really swell
and all,
but I wouldn't go around
bragging about your talent.
It's not like
spring depends on you.
Of course it does!
And when I go
to the mainland,
I'll prove just
how important we are.
When who goes
to the mainland?
Me, of course!
For spring!
Oh, of course.
You'll prove it, huh?
Yes, I will.
Well, I, for one,
am looking forward
to that. Excuse me.
No. Excuse me.
"Mine is a rare talent."
Ugh.
Try and tell me
tinkers don't matter.
I'll show her what
a rare talent really is,
when I...
(GASPS)
(CLANKING)
(LAUGHING)
(GRUNTS)
Oh.
(TINKER FAIRIES CHATTERING)
(CLANGING)
(BOBBLE AND CLANK EXCLAIM)
Hey, Tink,
what you got there?
TINKER BELL: Oh, hi.
I don't know.
I just found them.
(SNIFFS)
Lost things.
BOBBLE: Aye.
Stuff gets lost
and washes up on Neverland
from time to time.
You know,
from the mainland.
These come
from the mainland?
That place sounds
more fascinating
all the time.
Berry bushels, check.
Pollen pots, check.
Lost things, check.
Huh?
Lost things?
Why are you fiddling
with that junk?
Oh, um...
Well, they were
just so unusual.
You mustn't be
wasting your time
with that rubbish.
And I won't have it
cluttering up my workshop.
And as for you two,
no more
dilly-dallying around.
And don't forget about
the Queen's review tonight.
Goodness, there's still
so much to be done!
(SIGHS)
Thank you.
Sorry about
your trinkets,
Miss Bell.
Well, we'd best
be getting ready for
the review, anyway.
What is the Queen's review?
You see, the Queen
is going to review all
the preparations for spring!
Yeah, it's a good time
for us tinkers to show
what we can do, eh?
Oh, indeed.
Really?
CLANK: Like me.
I can be a wheel.
Hmm.
Perfect. That's my chance.
Okay, everybody, turn!
Ready for
the base coat
over here!
Splendid, splendid.
Stack those neatly,
plenty of time before
the Queen arrives.
FLOWER FAIRY 1:
It's the Queen!
What? She's here? Now?
Play, music fairies.
Yes, play!
(PLAYING CELTIC MUSIC)
Queen Clarion,
Your Illustriousness!
As Minister of Spring,
I welcome you
to Springtime Square.
What?
No fireworks, Minister?
Oh, well, yeah,
that could be arranged.
Light fairies!
I'm teasing.
You always make
such a fuss,
and everything always
turns out wonderfully.
(CHUCKLING)
Well, I think
you'll find that we have
things well in hand.
When the
Everblossom blooms,
we'll be ready to bring
spring to the mainland!
Music to my ears.
I know you've all put in
months of practice
and preparation,
but keep up the good work
these last few days,
because just as fairies...
TINKER BELL:
Queen Clarion!
(MUSIC STOPS)
Huh?
Queen Clarion!
Did I miss anything?
No, no, no.
Phew! Good.
It's all right.
I came up with
some fantastic things
for tinkers to use
when we go to the mainland.
(ALL GASPING)
What's she talking about?
TINKER BELL:
Let me show you!
First, baby chipmunks can't
eat the whole nut, right?
Their little teeth
can't chew big bites.
So you just crank back
this lever, and it's...
(GRUNTS)
(CRYING)
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
Whoops.
It's kind of
a work in progress.
Yes, yes, yes.
Very clever.
Oh!
And I made this, too.
It's a flower-sprayer.
QUEEN CLARION:
Tinker Bell, I...
Here, allow me
to demonstrate.
(WHIMPERS)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
Sorry.
But wait till you
see this last one.
Tinker Bell, sweetheart,
has no one explained?
Explained what?
Tinker fairies don't go
to the mainland, dear.
What?
All of those things are done
by the nature-talent fairies.
Your work is here
in Pixie Hollow.
But I thought that...
I'm sorry,
Tinker Bell.
Oh, okay.
No. No, that's good.
I mean, I really couldn't
make it anyway.
So, good. Yeah.
This actually
works out good.
I mean, well...
So, I'm just gonna...
Yeah.
(FAIRY MARY HUMMING)
Back so soon?
You didn't go?
Goodness, no.
Far too much work
to do down here.
(GRUNTING)
Vidia was right.
Being a tinker stinks.
Excuse me?
It's just,
why don't we get to go
to the mainland?
The mainland?
Who gives
a pile of pebbles
about the mainland?
But, Fairy Mary,
the other fairies
get to go.
Now, Tinker Bell,
are you a garden fairy?
Well, no.
Are you
a light fairy?
No.
Animal fairy?
Water fairy, perhaps?
No and no.
No. You're not.
You are a tinker.
It's who you are.
Be proud of it.
The day you can
magically make
the flowers grow,
or capture
the rays of the sun
and whatnot,
then you can go.
Until then,
your work is here.
(SIGHS)
Good idea, Fairy Mary.
FLOWER FAIRY 1:
Get your pixie dust yet?
SPARROWMAN 1: Just did.
Nice day for flying.
FLOWER FAIRY 1: Sure is.
Here you go,
Silvermist.
Thank you, Terence.
I hope Tinker Bell is okay.
I know.
That poor little sapling.
She looked pretty
wilted yesterday.
Well, I wouldn't blame her
if she stayed in bed all day.
Morning, girls!
ROSETTA: Tinker Bell?
FAWN: Tinker Bell?
Guess what? I've decided
I'm not gonna be
a tinker fairy anymore.
What?
Well, I was thinking.
Why do I have to be a tinker?
Just 'cause some
silly hammer glowed?
I mean, who's to say
it wasn't some big mistake?
Maybe I can just
switch my talent.
Switch your talent?
I don't know, Tinker Bell...
If you could teach me
your talents, any of them,
maybe I could show the Queen
I can work with nature, too.
(BUZZING)
And then she'd let me go
to the mainland for spring.
Oh, Tinker Bell.
That's just not
how it works.
Well, maybe she could.
She's right. She could.
Well, I've never heard
of someone switching
talents before.
She's right. Me, neither.
Look. You all do things
that are beautiful
and magical and important.
But me, well,
there's gotta be
more to my life than
just pots and kettles.
All I'm asking
is that you
give me a chance.
I'll help you,
Tinker Bell.
Thank you, Sil.
Me, too. Could be fun.
Well, first time for
everything, I guess.
What harm can
come from trying?
Well, I still think
this is a bad idea.
(FROG CROAKING)
SILVERMIST:
So, for your first day
of water fairy training,
I could show you
how to make ripples
in the pond.
Okay!
Or teach you how to talk
to the babbling brook.
Oh, that
sounds fun, too.
Or wait, wait, wait.
I got it, I got it,
I got it!
Dewdrops on spider webs!
Come on.
I'll show you
how to do it.
Good luck, Tink!
You can do it!
Oh, um...
Go get 'em.
Just cup
your hands like this,
reach into the water, and...
Okay, you've heard
of a dewdrop?
This is a don't drop.
That's water fairy humor.
It's good.
Come on.
Okay, Tink, now,
this next part can
be a little tricky.
It takes a very steady,
delicate hand to...
Where's your dewdrop?
Oh.
(GIGGLES)
Forgot my dewdrop.
Hey! I did
it.
Shake that one off.
Shake it off.
You can do this!
That's it. That's it, Tink.
You're doing it! You're...
(GROANS)
Now, Tink, try to...
No, no, sweetie,
you need to...
Well, maybe if you...
(SPLASHING)
Well,
you have to admire
her persistence.
SILVERMIST:
Tinker Bell!
Although,
sometimes hammers glow
for a reason.
(TINKER BELL GROANS)
Whoa.
(ALL GASPING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
You know,
you always struck me as
a light fairy kind of gal.
(SCREAMS)
(BOBBLE HUMMING)
♪ Here we go
in the treasure... ♪
Have you seen Tink?
No, thank you.
Not thirsty!
No, no.
Not "drink," Tink!
Pink? I like purple meself!
Tink! Have you seen Tink?
What?
I do not stink!
Maybe it's you, eh?
Hey, have you seen Tink?
Fairy Mary's
gonna be cross.
Aye, Clank.
We'd better take
some of this off
Miss Bell's plate, so...
All right, then.
No, no, no!
Wait, wait, Clank!
What are...
Will you two
stop mucking about?
What Clank did was,
he took it off...
Bobble told me
that I should...
I see Tinker Bell
has got her work done,
mysteriously.
Where is she, anyway?
(BOTH STAMMERING)
Well, you see, she's...
She went with Cheese to...
(GASPS)
No, no. Clank means
she went to get cheese,
you see,
the food,
for Cheese the mouse...
Yes, the food,
for Cheese the mouse.
...because
he was whining.
Yeah. Like a baby.
Like a wittle,
wee baby, there.
Okay, what can I teach you
that's gonna do
the least amount of damage?
Oh, I know.
Follow me, Tinker Bell.
The last light of day,
it's the richest
kind of all!
Wait for it.
Okay, and now!
Oh, wow.
Huh?
It's incredible.
Now for the fun part.
Do you think it's heavy?
No. It's light.
(EXAGGERATED LAUGH)
(WHISTLES)
(BUZZING)
Okay, okay.
(GROANS)
Stay.
Here, Tink. Let me...
No! I almost got it.
If I just
get you started...
This is impossible!
Look out!
(GASPS)
Oh, no.
Whoa!
I wonder how it's going.
Fly, Tink, fly!
Uh-oh.
FAWN:
We'll save you, Tink!
SILVERMIST:
Bob and weave!
ROSETTA: Cover your tushy!
(CLANK HUMMING)
We fiddle and fix.
Craft and create.
Carve acorn buckets.
To hold flower paint.
Preparing for spring.
We do all this
and more.
Yes, being a tinker
is never a bore!
(BOTH GIGGLING)
FAIRY MARY: Tinker Bell,
I'd like a word with you.
Fairy Mary!
See, I was on my deliveries,
and it's actually kind of...
Save it.
I know what you've
been up to, missy.
And I had such
high hopes for you.
(BOTH HUMMING)
(SIGHS)
You'd do well
to listen to her...
Why?
So I can do this
my whole life?
I don't wanna be
just a stupid tinker!
No, no,
not that you guys are...
I didn't mean that...
Guys, I wasn't...
I have to go.
Now, flap them.
Flap them.
That's it! Have fun!
Hey, Tink! You ready?
A little nervous, actually.
Oh, don't be silly.
Come on, you'll be fine.
We're teaching
baby birds how to fly.
First, you have to
get their attention.
Smile and establish trust.
See?
Okay, open your wings, honey,
and flap them up and down.
Up and down.
That's the way.
Faster, faster.
That's right. Yes!
You're doing it!
Okay. Come out
this way a little bit.
You're okay.
You got it.
Keep flapping,
keep flapping!
Hey, why don't you help
that last little guy?
(GROANS)
Okay, okay. Just smile
and establish trust.
Hi, there!
Hey, little fella,
you wanna do some
flap-flap today?
Oh, sure you do!
All you do is,
you just flap your wings,
like this.
No, no, no.
None of that.
Come on.
All we got to do is...
Ow!
Look. I'm going to
level with you, okay?
I kind of bombed out
on the whole water
and light fairy things,
and I'm starting to
run out of options here.
If you could see fit
to flap your little wings
and take flight
for a few measly seconds,
I might be able to
go to the mainland
and bring happiness
to the world!
What do you say?
Wrong answer.
(SQUAWKS)
If I end up
making acorn kettles
for the rest of my life,
I am holding you
personally responsible.
(SQUAWKING)
(LAUGHING)
Hey, hey.
Look at this!
Okay, just stop squirming.
Would you just... Hey!
Okay, okay, okay.
I'm letting go.
I am letting go.
This is not working.
Hey, maybe that guy can help.
He's a really good flyer.
Hey, up there!
(HAWK SCREECHING)
(GASPS)
Hawk!
(BLOWING HORN)
FAIRY 1: What's happening?
Quick, hide!
FAIRY 2: Look out!
(SCREECHING)
(TINKER BELL SHRIEKS)
A hawk!
Tinker Bell's in trouble!
Hey!
Vidia?
This is my hiding spot!
(BOTH SCREAM)
But it's all yours, now.
No!
Get him!
ALL: Get him!
(GRUNTS)
FAIRY 1: What?
FAIRY 2: You all right?
FAIRY 1: So scary.
(ALL CHATTERING)
(ALL SNICKERING)
Are you okay, Vidia?
(GROWLS)
Let me help you.
Don't touch me!
I'm fine!
But I was only
trying to help.
Well, stop trying.
Tinker Bell...
I can't hold water.
I can't hold light.
Birds hate me.
I'm just so useless!
Tink.
Great. I failed for
the third time in a row.
At this rate,
I should get to the mainland
right about... Oh... Never!
(METALLIC CLANG)
Huh?
Yes!
Sil!
(MELODY PLAYS)
(GASPS)
(ALL GASPING)
Beautiful.
(MELODY PLAYING)
FAWN: You fixed it!
SILVERMIST: Wow!
IRIDESSA: Beautiful!
ROSETTA: Amazing!
What are you guys
doing here?
It might be
the sparkliest thing
I've ever seen,
and I've seen a lot
of sparkly things!
It's a really
pretty thingy.
What is it?
I don't know.
I just found it.
Tinker Bell,
don't you even realize
what you're doing?
You're tinkering!
What? No, no,
this isn't...
I was just...
Creating those gadgets,
figuring things out,
fixing stuff like this,
that's what tinkering
is, sweetie!
Don't you like
doing this?
Isn't it what
you really love?
Yeah! Who cares about
going to the mainland,
anyway?
Well, I do, remember?
I want to see
where these things
come from.
Why are you saying this?
Are you just
giving up on me?
I mean, aren't you
going to teach me to be
a garden fairy anymore?
Sweet pea,
I think this
is your talent.
Tink, we just want
you to be happy.
If you really
want me to be happy,
you'll help me
get to the mainland
like you promised.
Please, Tinker Bell,
just think about it.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Will you teach me how to be
a fast-flying fairy?
Please?
I know I could do it!
With your help,
I could be flying
as fast as you in no time.
Vidia,
you're my last hope.
All my friends
have given up on me.
Rosetta won't even try
to teach me to be
a garden fairy now.
I bet I could at least
paint some flowers
or plant some sproutlings.
I mean, there must be
something I could do.
Or if you really want
to be a garden fairy...
(SQUEAKING)
Capture
the sprinting thistles.
Well, okay.
I can do this.
Yeah!
Okay. Ready, Cheese?
Come on.
They're just weeds.
Besides, there were only seven
or eight at the most, right?
Hyah!
We can do this.
I know we can do this.
What do you say?
Attaboy.
This ought to be good.
Hey!
TINKER BELL:
Come on, you!
Oh, come on!
Just a bit this way!
It's working!
Come on!
(GRUNTS)
Wait, wait, wait.
Come back! Come back!
These things
just won't listen!
Come on, Cheese. Go, go, go!
Okay, definitely
more than eight.
Please file into the corral
in an orderly manner!
Wait!
Oh, no! Come on!
Come on, now.
(RUMBLING)
TINKER BELL:
Sorry. Sorry.
Excuse me. So sorry.
This is the last batch.
(GARDEN FAIRIES SCREAMING)
GARDEN FAIRY: Look out!
Sorry. Sorry!
Oh, no.
Tink. What happened?
I...
Tinker Bell,
what did you think
you were doing?
I was just...
I was just trying to...
I thought
if I could capture
the thistles, then...
There isn't
a garden fairy alive who
can control those weeds!
What were you
trying to prove?
I...
She's right, Tink.
This has all
gone too far.
By the second star!
All the preparations
for spring... How did this...
Queen Clarion, it was me.
I did it.
It was all my fault.
Tinker Bell.
(WEEPING) I...
I'm sorry.
SPRING: I don't think
we can fix this in time.
We're going to
have to cancel spring,
or postpone it
at the very least.
WINTER: What, and put
my snowflake fairies
back to work? Oh, no.
But we can't!
We can't do that!
If the snow isn't melted,
the seedlings won't grow,
the fruit won't ripen
in the summer...
And in the autumn,
there will be
nothing to harvest.
Spring must happen on time,
or the balance of nature
will be undone!
There must be
something we can do!
Certainly this
has happened before!
It has!
Did you ever hear
of the Ice Age?
Settle down, all of you.
Fairy Mary,
is it even possible
to redo everything
in such a short time?
No.
SPRING: Oh, no.
We were so close,
and now it's all gone.
SUMMER:
Who's going to paint
our leaves now?
AUTUMN:
The apples and pumpkins
will never grow.
SUMMER:
No rolling hills
covered in daffodils?
SPRING: And it took months
to harvest all those seeds!
AUTUMN: Animals waking
from hibernation
will have nothing to eat!
You okay, Tink?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
I just came hoping
to get a quick refill.
I'm going away for a while.
Oh.
Well, how long you
going to be gone?
Well, actually, forever.
Forever? Well,
(CHUCKLES)
in that case,
a double scoop.
Forever's a pretty
long time, so I hear.
Thanks, Terence.
You know my name?
Well, sure.
Why wouldn't I?
I don't know.
I'm just a dust-keeper guy.
I'm not exactly seen
as the most important
fairy in Pixie Hollow.
Terence,
what are you
talking about?
You're probably
the most important one
there is!
Without you,
no one would have
any magic!
Why, your talent
makes you who you are!
You should be
proud of it! I mean...
I am.
(STAMMERING)
I'd better get going.
Hey, Cheese.
"Be proud of your talent."
What talent?
I couldn't even get
these silly things
to work.
Lost things.
That's it!
Attention, everyone!
I'm afraid I have
distressing news.
There is no way spring
can come on time.
Months of work was lost,
and it will take us months
to restore it all.
So when the Everblossom
opens tomorrow,
I'm afraid
we will not be going
to the mainland for spring.
(ALL MURMURING)
Wait! I know how we
can fix everything!
Tinker Bell?
Tinker Bell,
I don't think this is...
Just hear me out.
Please.
You!
How long does it take you
to paint a ladybug?
I don't know.
10, 15 minutes,
I guess.
(WHIMPERS)
See? We can build more.
I can show you how.
Making paint, gathering seeds,
we can do it all in no time.
We have to at least try!
Wait a... Are we really
gonna listen to her?
She's the reason
we're in this mess
in the first place!
But I can fix it.
Yippee! Tinker Bell's
going to save us
with her dopey
little doohickeys.
Hide the squirrels!
What is your
problem, Vidia?
Why do you think
you're so much
better than me?
I am
better than you, sweetie.
I didn't ruin spring.
At least now
I'm trying to help.
Have you
ever helped anyone
besides yourself?
Well, I tried to help you!
Maybe I should have told you
to capture the hawk
instead of the thistles!
(ALL GASPING)
Perhaps Tinker Bell
was not the only
one responsible.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
It seems to me that
your fast-flying talent
is well-suited
to chasing down
each and every one
of the thistles.
Me?
Yes. And I expect
them all to be returned
to Needlepoint Meadow
as soon as possible.
But that could
take forever!
Then I suggest
you get started.
Now, Tinker Bell,
are you sure
you can do this?
Yes.
Because I'm a tinker.
It's who I am.
And tinkers fix things.
But I can't do it alone.
BOTH: Command us,
Miss Bell.
I'll help.
Show us how, Tink!
I'll help you.
Me, too!
Okay, gather up all
the twigs you can,
all different sizes,
and tree sap.
We need lots of that.
But most importantly,
we need to find lost things.
Okay, what have you got?
How about this?
Will this do?
Can you use
this fuzzy thing,
Miss Bell?
Oh, yeah!
It's not fuzzy.
CLANK: Yes, it is.
No, it isn't.
Twig.
Hammer.
Magnification, please.
Thank you.
And that's how you do it!
Now, what do you
suppose the...
(BLOWS MELODY)
You smell funny.
Oh!
I saw it first.
I bumped into it.
TINKER BELL:
Just tie this off here.
So, you just squeeze this,
then let it go, and...
See? Simple!
Now, just put
the berries in,
and we'll have plenty
of paint in no time!
(ALL CHEERING)
Six, seven and eight.
You did it, Tinker Bell.
You saved spring.
We all did it.
Queen Clarion?
Can't Tink come with us
to the mainland?
Yeah,
she's done so much
for everyone.
No, no,
you guys, really.
I don't need to go.
Buttercup,
it's what you wanted.
It's okay. My work is here.
And I still have so
much to do. I gotta...
FAIRY MARY:
Not here, you don't!
Well... But I don't...
Surprise, Miss Bell.
We found your
tiny dancer!
Actually,
I ran across this myself
many seasons ago.
I didn't have
a clue what it was
or how to fix it.
But you did,
Tinker Bell.
You are quite
a rare talent indeed.
And I'd imagine
there's a little girl
out there who's missing this.
What do you mean? How...
I think that perhaps
a certain tinker fairy
might have a job
to do after all,
on the mainland.
You mean, I...
IRIDESSA: I knew
you'd get to go!
FAWN: Oh, Tink!
We can help, Miss Bell.
We can help. I'm strong.
I'm so happy for you.
Come on.
We gotta go line up.
Thank you, Your Highness.
But how will I find
who it belongs to?
You'll know. Now go!
Good heavens.
Thank you.
Tink. Hey,
something to help you
on the mainland.
Terence,
that's so sweet.
Good luck, Tink.
To the air, fairies!
To the air!
The mainland awaits!
♪ Come away with me
now to the sky
♪ Up o'er the hills
and the sea
♪ Far beyond
where our memories lie
♪ To a place where
I'm free to be me
♪ Oh gather ye now one and all
♪ No matter what all ye may do
♪ Let the stars fill your soul
when the moon cradles all
♪ So to yourself be true
♪ The blanket of snow
is all gone
♪ Each flower
waits for the sun
♪ And the whispering
tears of the rain
♪ Holds promise for everyone
♪ Then come away
with me friends
♪ No matter where
you call your home
♪ With a light in our hearts
We will never part
Fairies to the north!
Fairies to the south!
To the east and west!
♪ Deep in the forest we go
♪ The creatures
are all fast asleep
Wake up, sleepyheads!
Come on!
There you go.
Good squirrel.
♪ With a kiss and a wink
we will waken our souls
♪ While always
their safety we'll keep
♪ And then,
then we'll dance
through the night
♪ Till the sunbeams
sparkle at dawn
♪ And away we will go
Like last winter's snow
♪ Soon our work will be done
♪ Oh gather ye now one and all
♪ No matter what all ye may do
♪ Let the stars fill your soul
when the moon cradles all
♪ So to yourself be true
♪ Oh gather ye now one and all
♪ No matter what all ye may do
♪ Let the stars fill your soul
when the moon cradles all
♪ So to yourself be true
(WHISTLES)
♪ So to yourself be true ♪
(MELODY PLAYING)
(GIGGLING)
Mummy!
Guess what,
guess what!
MRS. DARLING: Yes, Wendy.
What is it, darling?
NARRATOR: A fairy's work
is much more than,
at first, it might appear.
You did it!
Suppose your
broken clock ticks,
though it hasn't in a year.
(CHIMING)
Perchance you find
a toy you lost,
or jingling bells you hear.
It all means that
one very special fairy
might be near.
♪ Watch all the flowers
dance with the wind
♪ Listen to snowflakes
whisper your name
♪ Feel all the wonder
lifting your dreams
♪ You can fly
♪ Fly to who you are
♪ Climb upon your star
♪ You believe
you'll find your wings
♪ Fly to your heart
♪ Touch every rainbow
painting the sky
♪ Look at the magic
glide through your life
♪ A sprinkle of pixie dust
circles the night
♪ You can fly
♪ Fly to who you are
♪ Climb upon your star
♪ When you believe
you'll find your wings
♪ Fly
♪ You can fly
♪ To your heart
♪ Rise to the heights
of all you can be
♪ Soar on the hope
of marvelous things
♪ Fly to who you are
♪ Climb upon your star
♪ When you believe
you'll find your wings
♪ Fly
♪ Everywhere you go
♪ Your soul will find a home
♪ You'll be free
to spread your wings
♪ Fly
♪ You can fly
♪ To your heart ♪